hello everyone welcome to the game a
program with high soccer content and
suddenly I came up with a program that
cute would be the scenography a bar
empty only one table occupied one
affirmation to three cameras or four
to take flat details against plans
that the director says air or action in
this case and two people sitting in front
in front of the only occupied table is
they put to chat perhaps the first phrase
you remember and from there go to
past touch the present contrast
those times of glory with these with
two heavy frustrations in addition to
local also in its first season
each one as a coach although one is
living his second cycle
and suddenly they are eliminating
can refer to issues
personalities that they lived together with
bobby robson with luis rangel and maybe the
half an hour extends to 45 to one hour and
and everyone forgets that the cameras
they're on and they're still chatting
it started at four o'clock in the afternoon it was
at night the lights are fine and at
eight someone says they spent four
hours and the blow the general producer the
director has four hours of
conversation
then it can be a media program
hour of an hour or a documentary what
it does not change is the title nobody wins
always the protagonists
pep guardiola and jose mourinho on Tuesday
the bayern munich de guardiola combines
terrific sandunga against Real Madrid
because it was 4 to 0 and it impacts the number and
also the way he got it
Ancelotti's team also gave him
a real tactical lesson madrid- is
he prepared to play against bayern munich
and bayer munich thought that doing what
same that he had deployed especially in
the first 20 minutes would be enough
and it was not because the madrid did
adjustments from the training from the
place where he pressed and from the
location of the players on the court
on Wednesday jose mourinho arrived with
the 0 to 0 of the first leg in the
Calderón to a chance to play the final
against real madrid
changed the scheme put to azpilicueta of
right midfielder in front of
ivanovic played ivanovic terry that
it turned that giles and ashley cole that had
played well in the calderón and the game
it was more and then against the liverpool
decided to respect ownership in the
shaft david luiz other defender
reconverted to the media as
azpilicueta that is to say he had six
members of the last line or six
usual members among the last
line sharing the axis of louis with
ramirez in front
William through the center had made a
great job marking Juan and Juan
he trusted in hazard a hazard that from the
Offensive point of view is indisputable
full of talent but he had juanfran a
man to mark
the first goal of atlético de madrid is
an apparition of juanfran that hazard the
man put by mourinho does not block
william in the center hazard in the
left azpilicueta on the right that
he made a correct match center back
for the goal of towers after the
madrid athletic reaction that
he also imposed much more conditions
after the equality of Adrian from
overflow of juanfran with the result in
against mourinho put eto'o so that
did the same as four years ago in
inter-barcelona play from left wing
in that team I actually played there
because 9 was militated to help towers in
attack but also collaborate in the
defensive coverage and this committed a
the same criminal who committed drugs in
barcelona chelsea that messi crashed in
the crossbar spoke of 2012 just as
coast and the match 2 to 1 and the
third by tie meanwhile if not
He confided in Adrián that it was an object
mysterious during all the
had done just one goal had he done if
a good match in the calderón against
barcelona in the quarterfinals but not
it was the safe option not even the most
foreseeable pressures gave something that
we did not see I trust more in adrián
that Adrian himself will last all the
season two or three performances
frustrating did not take away the coach
the trust he put back he did the
most important goal they know how many goals
has Adriana in season 236 coast
2 adrián but of those two this
important
simeone goes running
after the goal of arda turan makes his
celebration against a mourinho that sees as
his team in champions like eight ago
years against Barcelona defeated sale
an instance of hand-to-hand
the 04 of those of guardiola the 13 of the
by mourinho
meanwhile real madrid and athletic of
Madrid will play in Lisbon the final of
the uefa champions league on Saturday, the 26th
May maybe from here until the day of
party someone not just come up with
this idea but I can do it and it
gather in a cafe mourinho and guardiola
with or without cameras with the title that
nobody ever wins any coach
win always